what's up guys welcome to a few now
reviews today I'm gonna be reviewing
coach note it's a universal app
available for $1.99 and the iTunes
description says that it's currently 50%
off and this I even though this app is
actually a universal app it is amazing
on the iPad there's no beating it on the
iPad it's really simple and everything's
much bigger so you can control
everything and obviously if you can't
tell yet this is a sports app that
allows you to draw a plan and create
sports plays and tactics for your like
team or if you're just a crazy fan that
loves your sport and also for players if
you're a part of like a rugby team or
something and then down here is your new
notes which are a bunch of maps and
there's just about a map for every sport
and it lists it in alphabetical order
but the first couple ones are your more
recent things there's like wheelchair
hockey you can also open a cup a custom
map if your sports not there there's
baseball soccer American football
there's just about everything here and
then over here you have your notes your
current maps that you've made then over
here you can view the tutorial and it
pretty much gets into all the
nitty-gritty stuff of this app then you
can also load a player from iTunes like
if you have a player list on a dot CSV
file you can drop it into iTunes with
your iPad or iPhone or whatever connect
it and you can just drop the folder the
file over and then you can also edit the
notes you can edit or delete it you can
send the notes you can share it as a PDF
file to send it through email you can
also write the app and contact them so
let me just show you pretty much what
this app is let's choose let's just say
Arina she American football let's pick
that one so as you can see it loads it
up and up here's all your tools that you
need for the app and this is your map
right here oops I just drew something me
a racer real quick okay over here is
your pointer then you have the pen and
you can like double tap on this stuff
too or just tap again to open up more
options you can change the color of the
pen you can also change the type of line
like that say hit the eraser and just
change all that good stuff
and then there's also a undo button you
can redo it also then you have the
eraser where you can just erase that or
you can choose it to erase the pen all
the objects on the thing or all pen all
objects or race all let's just pull a
bunch of objects out oops keep dragging
it
okay so let's do erase objects just drag
it along on the objects and it'll erase
it then you also have this trace option
which allows you to trace the players
and over here like I showed you earlier
this is just like the player options you
can also change the color of the players
by going over here to settings and you
can change the color of one of the
players team side and then the other
side then you can also change the ball
like we're not doing soccer so we can
switch it over to football and then
there's a bunch of other options for
touch settings and all that good stuff
all right and then here is your player
group area where you can change the
names of your team's and you have your
saved lifts lists and then you can save
formations or open them up so let's add
a new group name this one's called
subscribe let's hit enter you can add a
player name let's do number nine in
Jordan which is my name enter so you tap
on the name and then you can choose a
player and as you can see now I'm down
there Jordan number nine then there's
also formations that you can do too so
let's get out of that then you can also
tap here to change the way you look at
the map and over here is the animate
play which I'm about to show you in you
can record your play map area which I'll
also show you down here is a timer and
then you can change pages like if you
have multiple pages then you can add
text so let's do this one a p9 three
views and you can also change the color
of that increase the size or rotate it I
wish they would add kind of different
fonts that would be a nice little
feature so let's get out of that and as
you can see it's right there now so
let's actually get out of this map and
open the new one up
don't save American football so let's
drag a couple players
/ and I'm gonna show you the animate
play option and you can act like you're
kicking the football or something let's
hit that save this and act like they're
going backwards and move them there have
them going and that's the save area and
this is the delete
so let's actually play this now if you
back out you can just tap this to
animate it and as you can see they drop
back and you can do this much more
smoothly by just messing around
and then let's back out of this and you
can also record what you're doing
let's hit record recording started and
then you can just play this back and
also you can increase the size of like
the players and stuff make them smaller
bigger whatnot and you can move this
around to get it out of your way so
let's hit this stop in it's saving the
video the video should pop up and you
could save it to like your photo album
or whatever recording started and it
also records your voice which is great
and it doesn't record the tool area and
stuff like that and also you can
increase the size of like players and
stuff around you can make a full-screen
wave and that's really cool this is
pretty much this alright so my final
rating is 5 out of 5 stars this is a
perfect app there's not many issues
wrong with it this is great if you're a
coach for fanatic player whatnot this is
a must buy for only two dollars right
now so this is really a huge steal
alright hope you guys enjoyed this
review and I'll check you guys later